*** ONE BLANK LEFT - marked [[ like this ]] ***
The film's URL. The film is made and its hash is below; the URL does not exist
until you upload the file to OneDrive, which is yours to do and not something I
can do for you. Fill it, delete this banner, then paste.
***

Assignment: Assignment 2 - Generate Art, Sound, and Music for Your Game
Student: Tiantong Zhang
Project name: walker-ninja-TiantongZhang

GitHub repository URL:
  https://github.com/TiantongZhang1/walker-ninja-TiantongZhang

Submitted commit: tag `a2-submitted` on branch `main`
  git clone https://github.com/TiantongZhang1/walker-ninja-TiantongZhang.git
  git -C walker-ninja-TiantongZhang checkout a2-submitted

  `git rev-parse a2-submitted` prints the SHA. This file does not, on purpose.
  A SHA typed in here is stale the moment it is committed - writing it moves
  the tip past the value just written. The first attempt at this line named
  8226d93 while the tip was already 040c9f2; the second named 040c9f2 and the
  tag had already moved again. The tag is the tip of main at submission and it
  is the only name that stays correct.

  The two commits whose work the sections below describe:
    8226d93  Finish the gamedev film: a 4:54 master, and the two defects a
             gate did not catch
    040c9f2  Correct the check count to 113, and three README claims the film
             made false

Last commit that touched the game itself:
  959f81b  ("C2: the generated sprites are in the game")

Godot version and operating system:
  Godot 4.7.2.stable.official.ed1daf0bf
  Windows 11 Home China 10.0.26200 (x86_64)

Final film filename:
  NewWalkerArt_TiantongZhang.mp4
  H.264 / AAC, 3840x2160, 30 fps, stereo 48 kHz, 294.40 s (4:54),
  22,949,169 bytes

Final film URL:
  [[ upload NewWalkerArt_TiantongZhang.mp4 to OneDrive and paste the share
     link here ]]

Final film SHA-256:
  ae1668c0f5a44aa2c4bbdc689b51509bf2fd5e49ce3277198126f57ee2c9dff6
  Recomputed after the export was renamed from the reel slug to the locked
  title. The reel's own SOURCES.md is the only other place it is written.


WHAT THIS ASSIGNMENT ADDED

  This continues the Assignment 1 build rather than starting a new game. The
  slice is the same 3072 px level with the same eight movement values; what
  changed is what it looks like and what it sounds like.

  Generated music (1 asset). Suno v6-mini, prompt recorded verbatim as Suno's
  own library shows it. Eight tracks across two directions, every one
  auditioned in the browser, one chosen. Tempo was recovered FROM THE AUDIO
  rather than taken from the prompt - spectral-flux onset envelope,
  autocorrelated, refined by a comb search over period and phase: 124.018 BPM,
  bar 1.9352 s. Three candidate loops were cut at bar boundaries and scored for
  spectral continuity across the splice; the chosen one is 16 bars (30.9632 s)
  from 29.722 s with a 20 ms equal-power crossfade at the wrap. Its two seams
  measure at the 10th and 8th percentile of the track's own frame-to-frame
  spectral change - the wrap changes the spectrum less than 90% of ordinary
  moments in the music do.

  Generated art (9 assets). A character reference plus eight poses, one per
  state the engine can already distinguish: idle, run, rising, falling, dash,
  attack wind-up, attack live, death. Imported by scripts/import_pose.py into
  32x32 cells anchored at (20,30), snapped to an eight-colour palette, and
  wired into player.gd. The sprite the player sees is generated art; the
  dungeon, the HUD, the enemies and the traps are still original vector
  drawing in code.

  The BLADE is deliberately still drawn in code. It comes from ATTACK_PIVOT,
  attack_angle() and attack_reach - the same three numbers the kill hitbox is
  built from - so the poses were prompted with "empty hand, NO weapon". A blade
  baked into a sprite would stop tracking the hitbox the moment anyone touched
  the tuning and nothing would say so: the two attack-hitbox-on-the-blade
  checks would still pass, because they measure the hitbox against the numbers
  rather than against the picture.

  A dungeon setting. Stone wall, staggered mortar courses, blind arches, wall
  torches, torchlit platform edges. Original vector drawing. This inverted the
  character's whole contrast situation and the fix shipped with it: the 1 px
  rim went from dark to light (steel_edge, 7.31:1 against the wall where the
  old dark outline was 1.14:1), and the floor is now read from its lit top
  edge at 6.96:1 rather than from its body at 1.43:1.

  A death pose. Prone, face down, head the way the character was travelling -
  the only pose in the game wider than it is tall, roughly 26x9 against 18x28
  standing, which is why it reads without a pixel of detail being legible.

  A 4:54 film, built by the Brutalist toolkit's godot-gamedev pipeline. Fifteen
  beats at 3840x2160. Five of them are source excerpts pulled from the hashed
  files by a ledger that refuses to build if the displayed text, the beat's
  props and the file on disk disagree; each is followed by the result those
  lines produce, bound to it by hash. Three beats are real play - native 4K
  Godot Movie Maker output driven through real InputEvents by a capture script
  that asserts its own outcome, so a finished render is not the claim. The
  narration is Kokoro-82M (local, Apache-2.0, voice am_onyx) and every cue
  position is a fraction of the measured audio rather than of an estimate.
  youtube/claude-liam-walker-ninja-gamedev/ holds the shotlist, the fact-check
  table with one row per spoken number, and the sources.

  Two defects in it were found by rendering the master and looking at frames,
  which nothing in the pipeline checks. One is fixed: the two evidence images
  did not fill the panel they render in, and are composed to its measured
  1529x987 now. One is not, and is declared in that folder's SHOTLIST.md - the
  two result beats render an empty code panel across the left 45% of the frame,
  because the shared component's asset layout draws {code}{image} and their
  code must stay empty. Fixing it meant either breaking the teaching contract
  or extending a component in a toolkit I do not own, the day before the
  deadline.

  Audio wiring. A 16-bar loop on its own bus that survives every retry without
  restarting, four sound effects on a second bus, a mute key on 0 that mutes
  the Master bus, and a hard limiter on Master because the music and the trap
  sound sum to 1.512 when their peaks align.


VERIFICATION

  113 automated checks, 0 failures: 99 in godot/tests/test_game.gd and 14 in
  test_keyboard.gd, the latter driven through the real InputMap. Plus 2 pixel
  checks over real rendered frames, both PASS. Full results with the observed
  values are in TEST-REPORT.md.

  The check I would point at first is sfx-trap-fires-on-the-trigger-not-the-
  contact. It reads session.sfx_log and reports: warning at tick 24 with the
  player at x 1064.6 (the trigger is at 1064), death at tick 59, a lead of 35
  ticks against a 15-tick spike rise. "A sound played when the trap killed me"
  would have passed while being useless to the player; this one would fail if
  the warning were ever moved onto the damage.

  Four human checks, run on 2026-10-06. All four came back acceptable:
    - the loop seam, listened to over three repetitions
    - the masking prediction, the trap warning over the music at full level
    - what the music does during the 0.55 s retry
    - a full playthrough with all sound muted

  The report back was one sentence covering all four, so that is how
  TEST-REPORT.md section 6 records it. A pass with no detail is weaker
  evidence than a failure with detail would have been and the report says so.

  The retry check settles an open design question rather than passing a test.
  CONCEPT.md revision 1.1 left it open on 2026-10-01: what the music should do
  during the 0.55 s retry. It is implemented as "keeps playing", that is what
  was listened to, and that is now the answer. Ducking was the alternative and
  is not being built.

  An anonymous clone is byte-identical, re-verified against this repository
  rather than assumed from Assignment 1:
    git -c core.autocrlf=true clone <repo>.git
  Run against tag `a2-submitted` on 2026-10-06 - the same tree a grader gets -
  not carried over from an earlier state of the repository. Every tracked file
  is byte-identical and the file lists match exactly. The counts are not typed
  in here, for the reason given under "Submitted commit" above; `git ls-files |
  wc -l` and `git rev-list --count a2-submitted` print them.
  core.autocrlf=true is the Windows default and it is what broke Assignment 1,
  where a clone recomputed the film's build_id as e83b9a83 against the
  82696a5d recorded in its own evidence. The committed .gitattributes (* -text)
  is what prevents it.


KNOWN LIMITATIONS, DECLARED

  1. THE FOUR SOUND EFFECTS ARE NOT GENERATED. They are synthesised by
     arithmetic in scripts/synth_placeholder_sfx.py - closed-form waveforms and
     one seeded noise array - and they do not satisfy this assignment's
     "generate sound" requirement. ASSET-LOG.md opens its sound-effects section
     with that sentence and godot/assets/README.md has a "Generated?" column
     that reads "no" four times.

     They exist because CONCEPT.md revision 1.1 predicted on 2026-10-01 that a
     124 bpm bed with pulsing bass would mask the trap's 15-frame warning, and
     that check is perceptual: it cannot be automated and it cannot be run
     against silence either. With placeholders in, it runs now and runs again
     against the generated versions, comparable instead of sequential.
     Replacement is file-for-file; no trigger, assertion, level or balance
     changes.

  2. THE ART WAS GENERATED ON A TOOL THAT EXPOSES NO SEED, which breaks this
     project's own requirement. CHARACTER-SHEET.md section 8 carried "the
     generator must record a seed" as a preference from the start, and a
     correction dated 2026-10-04 made it binding after Suno turned out to
     expose none - which left the music reproducible as a request and not as an
     output. The art has the same gap. It is a deliberate departure taken after
     five generations on a tool that DOES record a seed failed to produce a
     usable frame, all five logged with what each failed on. The rule was
     right; it lost to a worse problem, and ASSET-LOG.md says so rather than
     switching quietly.

     Model and version: GPT-6, as I reported it. Its own licence terms are
     the one provenance question still open in this project.

  3. TWO EDITS ARE APPLIED TO EVERY GENERATED POSE by scripts/import_pose.py,
     and they are edits to generated assets rather than properties of the
     generation:
       - the directional rim. The reference came back with a near-black
         outline, which snaps to `shade` at 1.14:1 against the dungeon wall -
         nothing at all. The importer adds 1 px of steel_edge toward the back
         and up. Measured at real game size this takes the fraction of the
         figure reading at 3:1 or better against the wall from 6.3% to 24.2%;
         the code-drawn character measures 9.1% on the same test.
       - restoring the visor through the downscale. The slit is 1-2 px tall at
         a 28 px figure height, an area resample averages it into the navy helm
         and the result snaps to `plate`: 0 visor pixels in seven of the first
         eight imports. 6-9 px restored per pose.
     What the model produced is a slit in a 1254 px image. What the importer
     does is keep it alive at 28.

  4. THE MUSIC IS NON-COMMERCIAL USE ONLY, and this project has to stay
     non-commercial while it is in it. Suno's Help Center puts the test in one
     sentence - "was I subscribed when I made the song?" - and answers it: a
     Pro or Premier subscriber at creation time owns the song; on the free
     Basic tier Suno retains ownership and you may use the song for
     non-commercial purposes.

     Ownership turns on the plan AT CREATION TIME, not on how the file was
     later obtained. These tracks were generated on 2026-10-01 on the free
     tier with no Pro or Premier subscription at any point; the
     single-download pack bought afterwards purchased a download, not a
     licence upgrade. So Suno owns MUS-B-02 and a graded course submission is
     inside the non-commercial grant - but if this slice is ever sold,
     monetised or commercially released, the music has to be replaced first. A
     film of it posted publicly and unmonetised is still non-commercial use.

     Scope of what I checked: the Help Center article, read 2026-10-06. The
     Terms of Service themselves I did not read in full and I could not find
     the pack's receipt. Nothing above rests on either.

     Also for the record: eight tracks were generated on the free tier and
     ZERO downloaded there. The free allowance was reported exhausted because
     Suno moved to seven lifetime downloads on 2026-09-03 and applied it
     retroactively, so downloads made on this account long before this course
     count against it. The paywall was not circumvented and nothing was
     screen-recorded.

  5. THE TEST SUITE DOES NOT ASSERT WHAT THE PLAYER CHARACTER LOOKS LIKE. All
     113 checks are behavioural - where the hitbox is, whether the trap is
     drawn, which tick a sound fired on. Two real art defects passed all of
     them while being obviously wrong on screen: an air pose that put a boot
     inside the floor (y is negative upward and a leg lift was adding instead
     of subtracting), and a rim that left 1 px of armour inside a 3 px arm so
     the limbs rendered as grey pipework.

     This is not going to be fixed with a pixel-diff of the player: that test
     fails on every intentional art change and gets deleted within a week. The
     honest position is that capture_character.gd plus build_char_sheet.py ARE
     the check - they assert the state of each of 11 captured frames, and a
     human has to look at the frames. That is a weaker guarantee than the rest
     of the report and nothing here implies otherwise.

  6. THE PLACEHOLDER DEATH REACTION IS STILL IN PLACE. godot/assets/
     death-laugh.ogg is 3.42 s of silence and death-laugh-cat.png is a flat
     colour card. Assignment 1 shipped a meme image and a laugh with no
     documented permission; NEITHER FILE WAS COPIED INTO THIS REPOSITORY, so
     this project carries no undocumented-rights asset at any point in its
     history. The 3.42 s is deliberate: test_game.gd's
     enemy-death-reuses-the-reaction reads the reaction's remaining time, so a
     stand-in of the same length keeps that assertion passing instead of
     weakening it.

  7. NO SECOND PERSON HAS PLAYED THE GAME. My own playtest is recorded; no
     outside playtester's feedback was invented.

  8. THE THREE OPTIONAL POSES WERE NOT GENERATED - air jump, attack recovery,
     celebrate. CHARACTER-SHEET.md named them as the slack before any art
     existed, and attack recovery falls back to the live frame for its three
     ticks. No environment asset was generated either; the dungeon is
     code-drawn.

  9. ONE OF THE FOUR REJECTED GENERATIONS HAS NO SCREENSHOT. Three are in
     design/rejected/, captured from Civitai's own generator history with its
     prompts, model chips, prices and timestamps. The fourth had already aged
     out - Civitai keeps creations in the generator for 30 days unless you
     download or post them, and it was not saved in time.

     Those screenshots also corrected my own log, and the correction is left
     standing above the text it corrects in ASSET-LOG.md. I had recorded the
     wrong checkpoint (it was DreamShaper-8 with the 2D Pixel Toolkit
     Sprites_64 LoRA throughout, not Z Image Turbo with 8bitdiffuser), the
     wrong price (3 Buzz per generation, not 10) and the wrong count (four, not
     five). The price error broke an argument I had made: I claimed the
     remaining balance could not have covered eight poses, and at 3 Buzz a 100
     Buzz balance is about 33 generations. The budget was never the constraint.
     What the attempts actually showed - that the model would not follow
     "side view" and that a 60-word prompt diluted the one token that mattered
     past the 77-token limit - is independent of cost and stands.


WHERE TO LOOK

  README.md          how to run it, how to verify it, what state each piece is in
  SOURCES.md         every file in one of four categories: starter, original,
                     generated, placeholder. The authoritative answer to "which
                     of these did you actually generate"
  ASSET-LOG.md       one row per generation kept or seriously considered,
                     including every rejection, with corrections left standing
                     above the text they correct
  TEST-REPORT.md     113 checks with their observed values, the defects they
                     caught, and what was NOT checked
  CONCEPT.md         the game in one page, then revisions 1.1-1.4 as each
                     decision landed
  CHARACTER-SHEET.md the generation spec: palette with measured contrast
                     ratios, 11 poses mapped to states the code can actually
                     distinguish, and the acceptance order a frame must survive
  STORYBOARD.md      six panels on the level's own signage, plus seven
                     hand-drawn frames
  CHANGE-BRIEF.md    what changed in code, revision by revision, each naming
                     its predicted failure and the check for it BEFORE the
                     change was made
  FRICTIONAL.md      the honest log, including what was mine and what was
                     Claude's for every entry
  PROMPTS.md         everything still to be generated, as text to paste
